The next step is to configure the DHP server.
So I'm going to call this Rhonda DHP server.
Enable IPV 6 unicast cost routing on gigabit to 0 1 configure an IP version 6 address off 2001 Colan
1 2 3 4 code on call on to flash 64 and no shut the interface.
I'm also going to configure a static route to the face and network via 2001 one two three four call
on column 1.
In other words the real agent.
So can the DHB be server ping the relay agent.
Yes it can Kennet paying the face interface on the relay agent.
Yes it can.
So essentially this DHB server can ping the relay agent.
Now that we've completed the basic IP version 6 configuration we need to configure the DHP server.
So IPV 6 DHC P in this case we are going to configure Apoel and I'm going to call it my pool address
Prefect's is going to be 2001 face colon colon slash 64 the face network is on the left hand side.
So that's the address Prefect's that we're going to allocate with also allocate a DNS server which is
going to be the local Raanta and we'll configure a domain name
of CCMA X dot com.
So that's what should be sent through to the client through DHP.
Now on the gigabit is there a wanting to face we need to use the command IPV 6 DHP server and pointed
to the pool that we've created.
So my pool.
So this is the configuration of the DHP server.
We've essentially configured ADHD people as follows.
And on the gigabit is there are wanting to face the interface that's going to receive the DHP requests
we have configured an IP address as well as a server pool.
So let's do a debug IP V-6 DHP.
So that's the server configuration done.
OK so now let's configure the clients so called us client.
Ali enable IPV 6 unicast routing.
And then on key give it to 0 0 we'll use the command IPV 6 address.
In this case we're going to use DHP and then I'll enable IPV 6 on that interface before I know shut
the interface I'm going to do a debug IPV 6 DHC P at the moment.
We told that gigabit 00 is not ready.
So show IPV 6 interface of 0 0 at the moment.
The interface is down but notice we do have a link local address interface gigabit 00 no shut.
Let's see what happens now.
What you'll notice in the output is that a solicitation was sent to all routers on the segment a DNS
server was configured as well as a domain name
on the relay agent.
It received to the solicitation from from a host ending with a link a local address which is which if
I scroll up
is the client the relay was forwarded to the DHP server.
A reply was received from the DHP server and the reply was sent to the client on the DHP server relay
was received from the relay agent.
My pool is going to be used.
A binding is created for the client a new address is going to be allocated to the client of this.
So the address is going to be allocated.
The source IP address is going to be this it's sending a relay reply and it's updating the binding.
So Sadrist is going to be that the relay is once again sent to the relay agent.
So show IP the CICS interface gigabit it a 0.
Notice the link local addresses this but the router has been allocated the address that's for the subnet.
What I'll do is shut to the interface don't we can see some messages on the DHP server.
And then I'll know shut the interface again.
So interfaces come up and the rod is getting an IP address through DHP.